good on its average you're welcome back
to them said Mike Ross survived cancer
playing on the map of solar Frost and I
do kind of have around this map and I'm
using my new pack the Liberty pack it's
kind of like a thing because the Senate
is elected new governors and stuff like
that i don't know how it goes but their
elected someone and the political ads
going to be over since the celebration
i'm gonna make this pact and release it
for you guys if we hit 400 likes in this
video that'd be fantastic and i will
release this back to the public when I'm
posted in this video okay got some
leather boots and we're gonna go in here
get this tier 2 yeah i got those Iron
Boots this time I've got some of that
stuff and we got the Scout here Luke not
Jess you are dead sir thank you for your
golden apple that you got from spawn who
look at all that stuff right there got
those Iron Boots put that there and
we're gonna go on my little route on
this map I sure you guys had to do it
you just go over here on this little
ledge and yeah he just kind of jump
around the corner and here's my route so
I'll show you guys would what to do okay
so you gonna come in here I've come this
little room over here I'm sorry my voice
is little bit dry I'm kind of get a cold
but uh his chest right there heads got
full iron in it every time dude i wish
it had four iron it every time if it did
i'd go on this road every single game
even though i go on this route every
single game I go indeed even more every
single game I go in like three times so
like keep checking back see if I got
everything in the chest like looking at
the dirt and stuff in the chest see if
you got all of it oh my god I'm so bad
at parkour but this just a double tier
one up here I usually just go in here
see if I get a fishing rod or bow but
I've already got it both so I'm just
hoping for sure well let's go Oh sword
oh well at least I got a stone sword out
of there I'm really bad at looting this
is Maya third game of the day I played
was Griffin to get a recording and let
him win that game so that's pretty sweet
because I needed yeah I know he needed
to get a recording so actually yeah we
just we just played for fun it was
pretty cool okay where am I going to go
now now that I for iron probably the
best stuff in the game at the moment oh
I should probably go just stay over here
just right over here yeah it's a it's
pretty good round just another double
tier one right here which is pretty cool
my looting is way off I'm very sorry
about that guys my looting is way off
i'm still i'm pretty rusty today i
finally have a day off i haven't
minecraft in two days so that helped my
god can I please can I please hit the
stuff thank you thank you for letting me
hit this stuff okay okay I don't see
anyone my pvp skill is a decent though
like just not my chest chest luton
skills that goes that's what you're
wondering are you gonna die but you
gonna die gonna die i'll let you die
been just like a all am i trapped in
here okay good i'm not trapped in here
let's jump over here and that guy's
underneath me which is pretty cool i'll
take at it for sure to the official he
did not grab how do i get to this guy
right here okay that does it oh shoot
he's behind me holla know is not he's in
front of me my son's mixed up what's
going on but you come down here you want
to come down dog after that i'll come
down oh no no don't hit being a lover
don't hit me in 11 no no no no no no no
no no bad boy bad boy don't hit me in
the lava never do that that's a bad idea
man it's a bad idea saml say i would
have died get me in that lava oh did you
get a fishing rod you did not have a
fishing rod unless i'm missing it which
i would not doubt okay he jumped he had
the town of fire over here this is draw
something sir oh my god my mouse is
passing out yeah guys I don't know
what's wrong with my house but it keeps
spazzing out I don't like it and it's
really making me know and i am making
that setup video or i posted it I don't
know I'm sure if I posted to do yet nada
yet if I did post it yet not or or yet
yes that's what I was trying to say all
we got a raw chicken in our inventory
that's pretty good it's pretty good i
don't know how i noticed that while I
was not in my inventory okay let's see
if there's anyone over here that don't
see anyone right to now let's do some f3
there was a guy and he's got pretty
decent loot here and I don't have any
other so he's going to have an advantage
so I'm going to back off a little bit
he's got a bow so I'm going to eat a
golden apple just to kind of even things
up because I haven't got a boat I
haven't got a golden apple and he's
probably getting hired sort of diamond
sword to let me guess let me guess have
you got an iron sword
so it's ooh if you corner me in here you
know Bo shot me did I would've been a
good shot good 10 whoo oh that was close
hello Seth match I didn't even know yeah
I guess I got through a lot of topics
this video guys I got through a lot FFA
FFA boys yeah I think we already do with
that man three two one go oh shoot get
the hits in the mat hits man getting the
mad hits got him gotta run get this
guy's going to clean me up like a douche
wagon
flu shoot oh this guy's kind of fishy on
in one throw down dog I throw down you
won I won I won GG good clean up the
10th there right right there about hope
you guys goes up to the bike routes Bob
James
I'll see you guys next one
Oh